Test File
Routing Protocols
RIP (Routing Information Protocol) is a method that advertises all routing tables of all things connected to the router every 30 seconds. That way, every connection to each router is constantly updated and the packet can make its way to the appropriate destination.
OSPF (Open Shortest Path First) is another method for routing payloads. Two routers, speaking OSPF to each other, exchange information about the routes they know about and the cost for them to get there. When many OSPF routers are part of the same network, information about all of the routes in a network is learned by all of the OSPF routers within that network - technically called an area. The routers then determine the cost (which is done by nodes) of the path to send the data. They continuously broadcast information about their neighbors to update paths and route payloads. When networks become sufficiently large, the router that receives a payload may have no idea where to send it to. However, when it sends out the request for the destination, other routers will report information back to the router, such as hops and paths to get to the destination. The payload will get passed along dynamically as the path is determined for the payload to arrive at its destination.
EIGRP (Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol) is yet another method. This was a Cisco proprietary protocol. However, they released it to the public. All routers inside an EIGRP network are given a topology table. This is passed between all the routers so that they can learn the table and discover new neighbors. The routers use these tables to forward packets according to what is known as a distance vector or metric. The vector is built using bandwidth, load, delay, reliability and MTU (Maximum Transmission Unit). The RTP (Reliable Transport Protocol) will send multicast and unicast frames to talk to neighbors and update the tables to allow the fastest routing between neighbors based upon those factors listed above.

IMAP typically uses ports 143 and 993. Port 143 is non-encrypted (unsecure) and is the default port, while port 993 is the encrypted port (secure). 
